Dialog: examples and text improvements (#22671)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/index.md

- {{domxref("Element/beforematch_event", "beforematch")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Fires on an element that is in the [_hidden until found_](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/hidden) state, when the browser is about to reveal its content because the user has found the content through the "find in page" feature or through fragment navigation.
- {{domxref("HTMLDialogElement/cancel_event", "cancel")}}

>   - : Fires on a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} when the user instructs the browser that they wish to dismiss the current open dialog. The browser fires this event when the user presses the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key to close the dialog.

Reviewer: Do all browsers close dialogs on Esc key? If so this is OK, if not, that would explain the "Might" in the removed text.

Author: after hours of testing.... escape only works if the dialog is modal, so I changed the text. If not modal, nope. Still got rid of the might, but changed dialog to modal dialog.

>   - : Fires on a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} when the user instructs the browser that they wish to dismiss the current open dialog. The browser fires this event when the user presses the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key to close the dialog.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Fires on a {{HTMLElement("dialog")}} when the user instructs the browser that they wish to dismiss the currently open modal dialog. The browser fires this event when the user presses the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key to close the modal dialog.
```
